---
layout: post
title: "man of 40"
created:  2013 Mar 08 11:10:09 PM
tags: [english]
categories: [english]
published: false
---


== 调查：四十岁前后的英国人最不快乐

文章来源：未知 文章作者：meng 发布时间：2010-10-09 02:23

    Britons in their late 30s and early 40s are unhappier than any other age group, 
    suffering from loneliness and depression as work and relationship pressures 
    (take their toll), according to a survey on Wednesday.

    周三发布的一项调查显示，相比其他年龄段的英国人来说，四十岁前后的英国人最不快乐，
    因为来自工作和家庭关系的压力让他们感到孤独和抑郁。

    The research, by relationship advice charity Relate, found a fifth of those 
    aged 35 to 44 wished they had a better relationship with their family, 
    with nearly a third saying these relationships would improve if they could 
    work fewer hours.

    More than 20 percent of that age group said they felt lonely a lot of the time 
    and 5 percent said they had no friends at all.

    "Traditionally we associate the (midlife crisis) with people in their late 40s to 
    50s, but the report reveals that this period could be reaching people earlier 
    than we would expect," said Claire Tyler, chief executive of Relate.

    "It's when life gets really hard -- you're starting a family, pressure at work 
    can be immense and increasingly money worries can be crippling（削弱，受损） ."

	immense 					crippling
	[i'mens]                                    ['kripliŋ]
	adj. 巨大的, 广大的, <口>非常好的           adj. 造成严重后果的
						    动词cripple的现在分词形式
	take the toll
	1. 起作用  起作用破坏性的.

    Relate found that 22 percent of 35 to 44-year-olds had suffered depression because 
    of a bad relationship, and 40 percent had been cheated on by a partner.

    The survey of 2,004 adults showed that, across all age groups, money worries and 
    redundancies（冗陈，裁员） were the biggest strain on people's relationships with 
    their partners, while communication problems, working long hours and the division 
    of housework also put pressure on couples.

    The ways in which people communicate with their friends and family have changed 
    with the growth of modern technology, the survey found, with emails and text 
    messages more popular than face-to-face communication for staying in touch with 
    friends.  A quarter of parents said they used social networking sites such as 
    Facebook and MySpace to keep in contact with their children, while one in 10 
    parents said they had no face to face contact with their children at all.

    Relationships with dads have particularly suffered from changes to family structures, 
    the charity said, with a third of dads who are divorced or separated never seeing 
    their children, compared to 10 percent of mums.

