---
layout: post
title: "sexual violence marks latest egyptian protests : NPR"
created:  2013 Mar 06 10:13:56 AM
tags: [sexual violence]
categories: [english]
published: false
---


== Sexual Violence Marks Latest Egyptian Protests : NPR
http://www.npr.org/2011/11/27/142821477/sexual-violence-on-the-rise-i...

=== 1 of 3

A woman walks past Egyptian military near Tahrir Square in Cairo, Egypt, on
Sunday. Protesters have clashed with security forces in the days leading up to
Monday's parliamentary elections, and women are being targeted.

在开罗市中心的解放广场（Tahrir） cairo ['kaiәrәu] 开罗(埃及首都)
[pɑ:lә'mentәri] 议会的，国会的

November 27, 2011

Despite the chanting and the plastic tents, Tahrir Square now is a different
place than it was during what is known in Egypt as the "18 Days," back in
January and February when protestors overthrew the Mubarak regime.

重复呼喊 n. 穆巴拉克（姓氏） regime [rei'ʒi:m] 政权，政体；社会制度

In Cairo, protestors have called for another massive demonstration in advance
of Monday's parliamentary elections. There are fears of renewed violence come
Election Day; one man was killed on Saturday during clashes with Egyptian
security services.

This latest phase of Egypt's revolution has been a lot more violent, protestors
say. In just nine days, at least 40 people have been killed and 2,000 more
wounded in clashes with security forces. And, as the atmosphere changes,
paranoia and sexual violence are on the rise.

paranoia [,pærə'nɔiə] [心理] 偏执狂 on the rise 在增加；在上涨

"There's far more pain here," says Mohammed el-Batagy, a professor at Cairo
University.  He's been participating in the demonstrations against military
rule. "The square has witnessed orders of magnitude more violence than it had
during the 18 days. There is fear, and then there is also infiltrators.  They
come in to just ruin the whole sit-in."

infiltrators ['infiltreitən]. 渗入者，渗透者

He says there is an atmosphere of suspicion toward outsiders this time around,
with reason: There are agitators inside the square that el-Batagy claims were
sent by the ruling junta.  "Yesterday, like a few were caught in Tahrir," he
says. "And they admitted that they were actually being paid."

agitators ['ædʒiteitә(r)] 鼓动者；煽动者
junta ['dʒʌntə] n. 团体，派别


=== 2 of 3

Women Assaulted

Women, in particular, are bearing the brunt of the changing dynamics. CBS
correspondent Lara Logan was the victim of a gang sexual assault on the day
that former Egyptian leader Hosni Mubarak fell.  Most women who stayed in the
square during the 18 days say that sexual violence was rare during that period.
Not any more.

"Many of my female friends have been groped or touched or experienced sexual
violence in various ways and have hit people, says Mona el-Tahawy, a well known
Egyptian journalist and activist.  She was sexually harassed repeatedly by
fellow male protestors in the square over the past week, but says her worst
sexual assault came at the hands of the Egyptian security services.  Last
Wednesday she was caught on the front lines of running street battles with the
police. Taking cover, she suddenly found herself alone.

"I was basically left in this abandoned workshop cornered by four or five riot
police," she says.  "They just started beating me with their sticks and that's
how I broke my left arm and broke my right hand. And then they dragged me into
the no man's land. And that's where they sexually assaulted me." She was at
their mercy, she says.

=== 3 of 3

Egyptian journalist Mona el-Tahawy tweeted this picture of herself on November
24, 2011, after she was released from police custody. El-Tahawy says she was
beaten and sexually assaulted by riot police last week.

"Hands all over my breasts, hands in between my legs, hands going into my
trousers as they were beating me," she says. "It was incredibly traumatic and
very frightening, and at one point I fell on the floor and was terrified and
thought, 'If I don't get up, I'm either going to die or they are going to rape
me.'"

"All the time they were calling me a whore and dragging me by my hair," she
says. "The groping and the assault did not stop until someone from the army
said, 'Take her away.'" She was put in a holding area, and after almost a full
day without medical care, she was let go.  More Than A Political Fight

El-Tahawy says being sexually harassed by both protestors and police around the
square underscores how much needs to change in Egypt.  "We are also fighting
what I call the 'fourth enemy' now," el-Tahawy says. "It's not just
counterrevolution; it's not just tear gas; it's not just police brutality –
it's sexual violence." "My obsession now with the revolution is we are
experiencing a political revolution in Egypt, but we need a cultural and social
revolution," she says. And Tahrir Square is at the center of it.


"Tahrir now has become this cauldron of all the problems in Egypt that we must
start fixing now," el-Tahawy says. "That's why Tahrir is so important. Tahrir
is not a square anymore. Tahrir is not a physical space anymore. Tahrir is a
state of mind. Tahrir is a symbol — and not just for Egypt, for the entire
world." And that's why, she says, the changing atmosphere in Tahrir Square is
so worrying.

